hackathons/usoc23: Add USoC'23 landing page and Registration Challenges (#238)
unikraft/docs: content/en/community/hackathons/usoc23/registration-challenges/_index.md

---
title: "Registration Challenges"
date: 2023-04-12T01:10:00+02:00
draft: false
collapsible: true
description: Unikraft Summer of Code 2023, Registration Challenges
---

## Unikraft Summer of Code 2023 - Registration Challenges

> [Unikraft Summer of Code](community/hackathons/usoc23/) is a unikernel and library Operating Systems workshop held by members of the Unikraft community including professors, lecturers and PhD students.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Unikraft Summer of Code](community/hackathons/usoc23/) is a unikernel and library Operating Systems workshop held by members of the Unikraft community including professors, lecturers and PhD and MSci students.
```

> [Unikraft Summer of Code](community/hackathons/usoc23/) is a unikernel and library Operating Systems workshop held by members of the Unikraft community including professors, lecturers and PhD and MSci students.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Unikraft Summer of Code](community/hackathons/usoc23/) is a unikernel and libOS workshop held by members of the Unikraft community including professors and students.
```
